1. AWS Systems Manager (SSM) -

    * It is a hybrod service, that lets you manage EC2 and On-Premise servers at scale

    * Important Features includes -
      Patching automation for enhanced compliance
      Run commands across an entire fleet of instances
    
    * It uses SSM Agent which must be installed on EC2 instance

2. AWS Systems Manager - Session Manager -

    * It creates secure connection to your EC2 and On-Premise instances without the need of SSH Access
      No SSH Keys, No bastion host and No Port 22 needed thus enhancing the security
    
    * It sends the session log data to S3 or Cloudwatch

3. AWS Global Accelerator vs CloudFront -

    Global Accelerator -

        It is for Better Network Path and avoids the Internet and uses AWS global backbone network thus
        reducing the latency of the application

        It uses the nearest AWS Edge locations
        
        2 Anycast IP are created for your application and traffic is sent through Edge Locations

        It is suitable for Gaming applications or IoT as well as Http/Https use cases

    CloudFront -

        It is for content caching
        It also uses the AWS Edge locations to cache the content

    ** CloudFront => WAF (Layer 7) ✅ + Shield (Layer 4) ✅
       Global Accelerator => Shield ✅, WAF ❌ (attach it to the ALB/API Gateway behind it instead)

4. AWS Outposts -

    * It is a small piece of Region installed in your own data center

    * The Outposts rack is physically located in your data center, AWS still manages the Hardware,
      installation, Hardware maintainence etc 

    * It provides Low latency, Data processing is done locally, Used when Data regulatory is required

5. AWS Wavelength -

    Brings AWS services to the edge of the 5G networks
    AWS uses the Telecom provider 5g network for ultra low latency
    Used for Real Time Gaming, Live Video Streaming applications

6. AWS LocalZones -

    Bring AWS resources (compute, database, storage etc) closer to your users i.e comes closer to your city
    Example - AWS Region - N. Virginia (us-east-1). AWS Local Zones - Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, 
    Miami etc

7. AWS Health Dashboard -

    AWS Health Dashboard (Service history) - How is AWS doing globally 
    AWS Health Dashboard (Your Account) - How is AWS affecting me 

8. VPC -

    * VPC Peering - 
      
      Connect Two VPC's PRIVATELY using AWS Network as if they were in the same network, the CIDR must
      not overlap with each other, It is not TRANSITIVE i.e for each new VPC we have to configure

    * VPC Endpoints -

        A VPC Endpoint allows resources inside your VPC to privately access supported AWS services without 
        traversing the public internet
        
        It is of two types -
        Gateway Endpoint (S3 and Dynamodb) - EC2 - Route Table - Gateway - S3/Dynamodb
        Interface Endpoint (Rest all AWS Services) - EC2 - Elastic Network Interface(ENI) - Private IP 
        - AWS Service

    * Site To Site VPN -

        Connects an on-premise VPN to AWS over the PUBLIC internet, the connection is encrpyted by default
        On-Premise connects to = Customer gateway (CGW)
        AWS connects to = Virtual private gateway (VGW)

    * Direct Connect -

        Establishes a physical connection between on-premise and AWS
        The connection is PRIVATE, secure and fast
